In this video, we're gonna go ahead and
set up a POJO that we'll be using to
send messages with. So, we're gonna do
a very very simple example of a POJO. So,
I'm gonna come over here. And, what I
will do is I come in here, I'm gonna
create a New Package. We'll call that
model like so.
And, let's do this. We'll call a Java
class. I know you will do it Hello. Just
do a HelloWorldMessage like so. And, we
will go ahead and add that into Github.
And, let's come in do private
UUID. I'll just call it an id and
private String and we'll call it just do
a message property there. And, let's also
take advantage of Project Lombok here. So,
I'm gonna come in and say @Data. Let's
do a @Builder as well. So do the Builder
pattern and then let's do @AllArgsConstructor
and @NoArgsConstructor. So,
this is gonna setup Project Lombok. And,
just as a quick recap, be sure under
settings you won't be coming up here and
taking a look at under Build, Compiler,
Annotation Processors. Make sure that you
have a Enable annotation processing and
then also to get them from the class
path. Because if you do not enable that
especially inside of IntelliJ, what
Project Lombok is doing for you is not
gonna be picking up things properly.
And then, I'm gonna go ahead and apply
that. And then also, we can also double
check plugins. There is a Lombok.
A Project Lombok plugin that does bring
some additional functionality to
IntelliJ that will help you out as
well. So, if you don't have that, install
it. I may have already had it
installed and forgot to mention before.
So, the Project Lombok is also a nice
nice feature. And, if you're on a
different IDE, I don't think the plugins
are not always necessary. But other ones
such as Eclipse, pretty sure there are
also Lombok specific plugins that you
can get for other IDEs if you're using
something other than IntelliJ. But, just
to recap here pretty simple project, we
created a POJO, its HelloWorldMessage POJO that has two properties - id property
and a message property. We are gonna
be using this to send as a JMS message.
So, very very simple example but we will
be using this not only to send but also
to receive as a JMS message. And, we'll be
configuring that going forward in the
course. And, it's one thing I do wanna
add to this. What we could do here is we
could do implements Serializable. So, when
you start doing on JMS messages if we
were going to be sending this as a Java
object, we'd have to implement
Serializable. And, when you do implement
that, a best practice is to have this
serial version number from the Java
serialized. If you read the documentation
here, this is considered a best practice.
If you do not do it, Java will create one
automatically for you. So, I'm gonna go
ahead and add that like so. And, you can
see IntelliJ gives me a little pop-up
there. I'm gonna randomly go ahead
and change that to a different value. So,
a different random log. Now, this is gonna
be optional especially for what we
are doing in this section of the course
because what we're gonna be doing
coming up is we will be sending this as
a text message but as JSON. But if we
were to send this as a JMS object message,
we would definitely need the
Serializable for everything to be happy.
But in our case, we do not because we
will be sending this as a text message
as JSON. Both has a sender and also the
receiver. So, we will not be dealing with
Java Serialization. But
what I did want to show you here is to
have that interface implemented. So,
that's always a not a bad thing to do
generally even though we are gonna be
using JSON further down the road. Here,
if we ever did need to serialize this, we
already have the work done. So, kind of
something like I like to be in the habit
of doing is to have that implemented
especially when you're using JMS. There
could be a use case for that. Maybe, maybe
not. But I did wanna show you guys how
to implement Serializable. And, also this
serial version ID so that then it's also
very important. That helps you keep your
version straight without getting things
crossed up when you're dealing with
multiple deployments.